Begin by navigating to the top right corner
of your browser and open boom console
extension. Head to the contacts tab and
choose LinkedIn.
Now let's search LinkedIn contacts.
To save, simply click Save Contacts button.
Add your description and choose desired
folder.
Hit capture to save.
Once you see success message, you can try
continue saving other contacts.
Remember to give your contact a helpful
description and don't forget to choose a
folder for them. Once you're done saving,
let's view the contacts.
You can open multiple tabs simultaneously.
By default, your contacts are also saved in
contacts folder under LinkedIn subfolder.
Also, find your contacts directly from the
navigation bar, and now you can directly
call, email or tag your contacts as
prospects, leads, clients, or others.
You can also edit the contact information as
needed and add notes to help you remember
them. That's how you save LinkedIn contacts
in Boom console. (Transcribed by Sonix.ai - Remove this message by upgrading your Sonix account)